So the next thing that we're going to do is we're going to have to add a rule to our security group
so that we can allow people from Internet to access our instances and resources on AWOS within the public
subnet whenever used as Whenever we used a security group.
So to do that we're going to have to add a method as adding the rule for our security group.
All right.
So let's just go to our easy to class and implement our rule creation method for our security group.
So in this case we're just expecting people to come to us not we're going to them not the other way
around.
So we're simply asking for an inbound flu exception here.
So I'm just naming my method at in-bound rule to security.
And actually I'm going to use this method for my public machine.
But let's just keep it this way right now.
And I'm just going to leave the parameters for later on so I can check out the method to see what I'm
going to have to do.
And self-talk client data and the method that we're looking for as the authorized security group ingress
and egress is the the inbound connection identifier for a number of us so we're going to have to look
for the methods on ingress.
And as you can see there are basically two methods involving ingress.
The first one is the authorized security group ingress and the other one is Revox Security Group ingress.
And as you can expect the revoke method is simply removing the rules from security group for inbound.
And the thing that we're neat here dimethyl that we need here is the authorized security group ingress.
So let's just use that and see what we're going to have to pro-white.
So there are a couple of things that we have to provide here.
We either can provide the group name or group ID and then we can have some extensive options here but
we're not going to have to do everything in this year.
Only thing that we have to provide is simply the group ID if we have it and the IP permissions list
that simply everything we're going to have to provide our security group to have our machines being
connected from the outside world.
So let's just pro-white First the group.
And let's just say security
group I.D. and then we're going to allow some IPs to connect to our instances within the security groups
so for the IP permissions I'm going to create a list of objects list of a dictionary actually.
So let's just create our list first and then I'm going to start by adding the items to my dictionary.
So the first thing that I'm going to do is I'm going to have to define the protocol that I'm allowing
from the outside world.
So I'm going to use the IP protocol key right here.
And for that I'm going to say TCAP so I can just simply allow HTP and other Kline's to connect to my
machines and 40 per declaration.
I'm going to say from port 80.
So people using data simply like browsers and HTP access can connect to my machines and forward the
port.
I'm simply just allowing unsecure connections to my machine.
You can simply fix that with an HTP certificate.
But in this case I'm just going to keep this simple.
So I'm just loving the poor lady here.
So after the port declaration on just simply going to allow the IP ranges to my machines so I'm going
to say again this is expecting a list.
So I'll say cyder IP.
And again this is a key to cyder IP.
And here we go.
I'm going to say zero data zero zero slash zero.
So anyone can come to my PC two instances if I use this subnet if I actually use the security group.
All right.
So this is the first rule to my PC to instance to my security group.
The other thing that I want to do is I want to allow simply like FTB clients to connect to my easy to
instance maybe I can even SS h into my machine.
Maybe you want to do that.
So to allow that capability I'm going to say as the IP protocol again TCAP and for deport of course
the port of the SS H is 22.
So let's just say that and for the port I'm going to say 22 again and then I'm going to allow the IP
ranges.
Again as with the of course side or definition's side or IP and I'm going to allow everyone just for
this time then I'm going to close this because this is kind of dangerous to allow everyone to connect
to your easy to instances.
All right.
We're almost ready with our inbound route for security group creation.
So the only thing that we want to pass in is the security group ID.
So let's just pass into.
And here we go.
We're ready with our inbound security group creation.
And let's also indicate that we're adding the inbound public access to security group and that's also
indicate the idea of this security group.
And here we go.
So now let's just go back to our deployment class and let's just say that we want to have this rule
added to our public security group.
So let's just say at public access to security group.
All right.
The one thing that we're going to have to do is we're going to have to just call this matter first at
of course.
Let's just check out the name of our method for a second and it is add inbound rule
and inbound rule to security group.
So we're expecting to have a security group I.D. just to get that.
I'm going to have to take the response from this method for the security group creation.
So I'm going to say public security group and response here we go.
So how to get the security group Heidi for doing that.
I can see you're saying that we have to check both documentation and you're absolutely right.
So let's go back to our bowlful three documentation and find a method for create security group.
And here we go.
So this method is simply returning a security crew resource.
But this is for implementing resources.
We just want the client method for both of three not to resource one.
So let's just find that out and he Rigaud.
So this method is again returning a type of dictionary and it is simply returning the group ID to us.
All right.
And so forget that group ID.
Let's just go back to our implementation and from the public security group response fetch fetched e-group
ID.
And here we go.
So the public security group Heidi is going to be this one just like that.
So if we passed this in to our methhead Dan for us to go right
so forty one last thing we might just add a print statement for indicating that we added the rule to
our security group.
Added public access through to
security group and the security group of course is public security group name.
And that's actually all we need.
All right let's just leave some blank lines right here so that we can be clear about what we're doing.
And this is basically it for our security group creation and adding an inbound role for our security
group.
So I'll be seeing you on the next media.